# Shared Health Plugin

## Overview
This plugin combines all players' health bars into one. Damage received from any player will be applied to all other 
players on the server. Healing recieved by any player will also be applied to all other players on the server. 
However, hunger remains individual to each player, and healing from saturation does not stack.

This plugin also provides an option for players to try to speedrun the game using the shared health mechanic. You must 
end a run using **/sh run end** before starting a new run, or else a new overworld dimension will not be created
and you will instead be teleported back to the spawnpoint of the old world.

## Commands
All commands can be found by using the **/sh** prefix (which stands for **S**hared **H**ealth).

### Run
- **/sh run start** *(requires op)* - Creates a new overworld dimension, and regenerates the nether and end dimensions. 
All players get teleported to the new overworld dimension where a countdown starts. (The original overworld does not 
get deleted, and acts as a sort of lobby dimension where players get sent between runs).

- **/sh run end** *(requires op)* - Teleports players back to the original overworld dimension and pauses the timer.

### Timer
- **/sh timer hide** - Hides the timer for the player who used the command.

- **/sh timer show** - Shows the timer for the player who used the command.

- **/sh timer reset** *(requires op)* - Resets the timer globally.

- **/sh timer start** *(requires op)* - Starts the timer globally.

- **/sh timer pause** *(requires op)* - Pauses the timer globally.

### Attempts Counter
- **/sh attempts hide** - Hides the attempts counter for the player who used the command.

- **/sh attempts show** - Shows the attempts counter for the player who used the command.

- **/sh attempts reset** *(requires op)* - Resets the attempts counter globally.

### Debug
- **/sh debug delete-custom-world** *(requires op)* - Deletes the new overworld dimension generated by this plugin 
during the **/sh run start** command.

- **/sh debug logPlayerHealth** *(requires op)* - Logs all players' health to the console.

- **/sh debug showHealthLogs <true|false>** *(requires op)* - Toggles on/off the logs generated by this plugin in the 
console.

- **/sh debug syncPlayerHealth** *(requires op)* - Syncs all players' health to the lowest health of everyone on 
the server.

## Dependencies
- This plugin uses a boss bar to display the attempts counter at the top of the screen. Because of this, I'm relying on
the resource pack [Invisible Boss Bars - Empty](https://modrinth.com/resourcepack/invisible-bars/version/1.0.1-empty) 
to hide the bar, but keep the text. This resource pack is **not required**, but makes the HUD look a bit prettier. If 
you would like to include this resource pack in your server you can follow these steps on [how to add the boss bar 
resource pack to your server](#how-to-add-the-boss-bar-resource-pack-to-your-server-optional).

## Notes
- Restarting the server will reset all the data to do with this plugin back to the default values (attempts, timer, 
user preference).

## Installation

### Installing the plugin
1. Download the jar file and drag it into your server's plugins folder.
2. That's it!

### How to add the boss bar resource pack to your server (Optional)
1. Copy the [download link for the resource pack](
https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/sRddCRho/versions/yhCwsfH5/Invisible%20Bossbar%20%28empty%29.zip).
2. Find and open the *server.properties* file in your server files.
3. Set the *resource-pack* property to the download link you just copied ('*resource-pack=<download_link>*').
4. Done! Now your server will prompt new users to download the resource pack when they join.
